concern are you going to need a defense
attorney for the blocky put on the
foster touchdown run you know what we'd
run left a ton today and it's a battle
you know that's that's how they play
their defense they force it back to that
for technique five technique and it's
about trying to win that block in it's
not always you know you don't know if
you're supposed to scoop them you don't
notice you're supposed to drive them the
only thing you can do is square them up
and drive and I got lucky right there
got my hand underneath like I stood him
up a little bit and got a little good
drive and you know just finished him off
in an Aryan I can't say enough about a
had you know you should see what kind of
difference he makes for us is such a
difference maker to me he's the best
back Emily I i would put I would take
him over Kenny back God's honest truth
hey there's nobody that's just complete
as he does catches the ball the
backfield the receiver type this vision
and our scheme is is unbelievably made a
couple plays even today but that one
there was a 10-yard run that he made
which Evan shot the gap but I barely got
a piece of him but he didn't waver I'll
he knew exactly where his boksburg
that's what you get out alive you know
I'm glad he was healthy we look great
and you know we keep that guy going and
I think he's going to have some big game
when Gary says in the previous weeks we
feel like we're leaving some rushing
yards on the field you is that mostly
the cutbacks that he's he's saying no
I'm not saying it's the running back to
all yeah I mean it's just you're not
gonna step on the field and be perfect
at this game it's not one of those
schemes where you run over the top not
where this game there there are a lot of
places where you can run the ball and
you're not always portray Aaron soccer
here it's going to watch this game of
sight man I probably shouldn't cut it
back here I'm probably should've balance
it here but the more you do it the
better you get at it and Aryans just I
think it's just if certain backs to just
know how to do this you know and he's
he's one of them special 150 yards
rushing and no sacks allowed against a
pretty damn good defense do you feel
like this is a statement game pure line
well you know I wish our statement was a
little louder as far as the foreign
scored but you know we felt like coming
out there watching film
we could we can run on we could do what
we wanted to do it and we did to a point
you know I give them a lot of credit
they they when they needed to tighten up
they tightened up pretty well so you
know it's I wouldn't say I wouldn't call
it a dominating performance or anything
but you know we were able to break some
big runs and I think if you're gonna
have a lot of yards you gotta break big
runs you ever had a 19 play 115 yard
drive before I was told was 20 boys I
want you to join but no I was i sat on
the sideline and I said I know we didn't
have a college cuz we score way to
faster that and in high school we were
four yards unclouded us we might add one
or two in there but man I knew it was
long but I didn't realize was that long
as I movement especially against back on
the defense to what does it mean so it's
all about I've been saying that over and
over this this week's foreclosures and
we've closed throughout for and you know
what we can keep doing that whether it's
on the field offense or it's the defense
creating the habit you know it was way
is I was telling come on i think this is
one of the weird games have been a part
of just the swings the lack of plays
like a drives you really had in this
game both teams at times just control
the ball and strengthing I have to
replay zone is really weird and then you
know when we got that lead honey you can
see the Mario wit up Antonio lit up
Hollywood up those guys just wouldn't
put Bendery them that's what's all about
they're cool
golfing society Gary put all you guys
together your teammates you tell me
about how important that me oh you like
the right time you come about that
moment oh well it's just you know listen
we have 13 plays that that quarter but
like you said it did with the same you
know whatever it was it doesn't look the
same coming out there and what we can
have that we can't come out of the
locker room you know I the second half
and take a couple series to get going to
you know to start getting the plug on
whatever we need to do if when you stay
up there and just run on seven until the
second half begins I want you to do that
but it's one of those things that we
just got to be mature enough on both
sides of ball to go out there and have
that same intensity and have that same
progress how important was really into
second understand help well I don't know
if it was just incredibly important
where he said but I think the way said
it in the urgency in which he said I'd
you know and that's that's what I think
more than anything wasn't we and wait
like I said we have three three plays in
the third ward off you you don't know
going in the fourth quarter if you're
going to get to gym or drives three more
drives we had to go out there and make
the most of it and after that drive of
course we've worked a big one and one
episode am do you all get more out of a
win based on who the opponent is or
decaf I mean obviously you beat the
steelers let sesam you know and I'd lie
to you if it didn't but at the same time
with three and one we're going to
through a pretty tough road in our
schedule and we needed this one another
home game next week that's important and
you know what we lost the big guy right
now but hopefully he'll be back soon and
but it's it's things don't change we
were on the ball with my action pass we
don't put I know the offense in
specifically the offensive line is
matured a lot since the last time when
you lost Andre for that five-game
stretch back and i think was 08 maybe it
was but having gone through that before
can you feel like you can weather that
storm better or do you have a defense is
better equipped to weather for mice
having both I think what I think mature
on the front I think
you know listen I think Brian Johnson
who's your reason we brought him in here
you know what he looks the part he's
played the part a little bit when he's
gotten in and now it's time for him to
step up and he's gonna get his
opportunity other guys are going to get
his opportunity and you know everyone's
just got picked up the day after you
know obviously we're not we're going to
see some maybe some bigger fronts you
need some more you know more eight-man
fronts because Andre that's all right
that's going to give Jacoby Jones some
more chances to make big plays down the
field is going to give ryan Johnson some
points chances than a place down the
field we you know everyone's got to do a
little bit more now how nice was it for
you and your offensive teammates to
watch your defense make the plays the
clothes that well we wanted to be the
ones out there close in the game where a
yard away making that first down and
winning it on the field but any time
that you can at least give them some
field position and punt it deep you feel
pretty good about it this is the kind of
guy this kind of D especially with our
front they have to pass watch out yeah
we got some Castro we got some guys that
can flat-out get to the quarterback up
front and it's fun to watch those guys
maybe only obviously D'Amico's injury
but JJ Watt really the only new guy I'm
on these guys what webinar we go from
last Oh last year D'Amico's injury
obvious well you got Jay Joe you got you
talking about the front yeah but you
know I think this game I think a little
bit everything you know just that the
coaching I think I'm not gonna you know
that listen to this coach is your Reggie
hearing those guys call ours been here I
think you know it takes a little while
to get some of that sunk in I think Cole
are finally sinking into some of those
guys but JJ is a big it's hard just you
know if you're a center was tired you go
help you know if you go to help Antonio
and leave regard one on JJ vice versa
that's tough as good as paint
arian just bring sure every aaron has
the experience aaron has the time in the
system you you know you're not going to
step into the system and be perfect from
day one and a hands-on perfect no one's
going to be make the perfect cut every
time but I think the experience allows
him to to have those big runs and see
those cutbacks and Ben's going to get
there and that's I don't think there's a
doubt about that but Ben's going to get
there but the air and suspend the player
there's a special player now and anytime
you have the special player that the
first drive I must first drive a game
that can feel those guys getting tired
on the other side sure I think you know
you're out there a while you see them
turn around looking around it's time to
keep it put your foot on the pile i
think it was just big that we you know
we got in there and we got in the red
zone and then ran it in for another
gunshot wound i was being honest with
google it'll pop past there but yeah you
know we got all the way down there a lot
of around that pass I mean they pretty
much sold out stuff around yeah I mean
that you got a bigger poison on the bow
line there I don't not surprised at work
it's one of those hills you got a guy
walking in the sand it kind of trips out
there you think you beat them is wide
open